Update history (#1590)
json-api/json-api: about/index.md

## <a href="#history" id="history" class="headerlink"></a> History

JSON:API was originally drafted by [Yehuda Katz](https://twitter.com/wycats)
in May 2013. This first draft was extracted from the JSON transport
implicitly defined by [Ember](https://emberjs.com/) Data's REST adapter.

> The goals of the media type are to balance:

Reviewer: The media type is only an implementation detail in my perspective. I fear it's confusing to introduce it in the history section. I would rephrase them as goals of the specification.

```suggestion
The goals of the JSON:API specification are to balance:
```

* A generic media type that can work across a broad set of use cases,
  including the generally used relationship types
* Similarity to existing server-side framework practices (and human
  readability for debugging)
* Ease of implementation on the server side

> * Ease of implementation on the client side

Reviewer: I'm not sure if I would phrase the goals like this. It also conflicts, which the marketing statements on the homepage, which focus on

1. avoid bike-shedding about API design,
2. efficient caching, and
3. avoid unnecessary network requests.

> If you’ve ever argued with your team about the way your JSON responses should be formatted, JSON:API can be your anti-[bikeshedding](http://bikeshed.org/) tool.
> 
> By following shared conventions, you can increase productivity, take advantage of generalized tooling, and focus on what matters: your application.
> 
> Clients built around JSON:API are able to take advantage of its features around efficiently caching responses, sometimes eliminating network requests entirely.

Personally I would phrase the goals (looking back) as the following:

1. Standardize REST API design to
    1. avoid bike-shedding about API design, which is not specific to the business requirements, and
    2. enable development of compatible client- and server-side libraries.
2. Built on-top of established REST API patterns to enable incremental adoption and a flat learning curve.
3. Reduce the risk of write conflicts on REST API design level (e.g. `PATCH` for updating resources and partial updates of to-many relationships using relationship links).
4. Support advanced use cases like polymorphic relationships.
5. Allow clients to fetch all needed data in a single request to avoid unnecessary network requests (under-fetching).
6. Allow clients to request a subset of resource fields to avoid sending unnecessary data over the wire (over-fetching).

Author: Sure, I just copied text around. I didn't write any of that.

What you suggest sounds good! I've enabled maintainers to make copies in this fork, so you can make whatever changes you want.
